{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red25\green25\blue25;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Instructions\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dear all,
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Following this morning\'92s talk\'85 A trial TEG machine has been installed in Theatre 8 anaesthetic room next to the fridge. See attached photo. Note the printer behind and user name / password on the label on the front.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 I am attaching the protocols for PPH and non-obstetric haemorrhage that are currently in use in RD&E.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Please feel free to use with patient consent e.g. for PPH > 1000ml. \'a0But note\'85 the aim of this trial is to assess practicality and ease of use rather than to use for clinical decision making (as would be the eventual aim).\'a0 Our PPH protocol remains unchanged (for now).
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Cartridges are in the fridge. Best practice is to warm them up (in hands for a few seconds) before use
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Take blood into a citrated bottle, pipette into the cartridge once it has been installed in the machine
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Lots of people trained today (including many ODPs)
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 More information to follow (including training resources and feedback sheets)
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 If you know what you are doing and use it in the meantime, please feedback to me.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Ultimate goal (but not for a trial) would be to have fibrinogen concentrate in the cupboard in theatre 8.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Thanks,
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Jim
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 \strokec3 Dr James Powell
\f0\b0 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 Consultant Anaesthetist
\f0\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 \

\f2\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 Obstetric anaesthesia lead
\f0\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 \

\f2\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 North Devon District Hospital,\'a0EX31 4J\
\
Further email:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 Dear all,\
\
A reminder that we have a TEG6 device for point of care coagulation testing.\'a0 It is on trial but not being used much.\
\

\f3\b \strokec2 Please use it!\'a0 It will be hard to make a business case for purchasing a machine if you don't use it!
\f0\b0 \strokec2 \
\
Consider for any bleed > 1 litre\
Particularly for PPH\
\
If you use it please fill in a feedback form (next to the machine in Theatre 8 and attached).\
\
Bw,\
\
Jim\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}